Even though the game is mainly about Bonnie, a good portion of Act 1 centres around Freddy. In fact, you play as him in the first three chapters

Plot script for Act 1. Act 1 is separated into parts, which is then separated into chapters:

PART ONE:

THE BEGINNING (Same regardless)
GOING ON VACATION (Same regardless)
1987 (Mostly the same regardless; The ending is different depending on whether good or evil)

PART TWO:

NIGHT 1 (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)
NIGHT 2 (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)
NIGHT 3 (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)
NIGHT 4 (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)
NIGHT 5 (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)
NIGHT 6 (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)
NIGHT 7 (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)

PART THREE:

THE DUNGEON OF DEATH (Good Bonnie Route Only)
GOLDEN FREDDY'S DEFEAT (Evil Bonnie Route Only)
THE GRAND FINALE (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)
THE END (Different whether pursuing Good or Evil Routes)




PART ONE:

Chapter 1 THE BEGINNING (intro):

Freddy talks to a mysterious person on the phone. He decides that he wants to go on a vacation so he sells Bonnie on the idea of a vacation. Unlike last time where Bonnie refused because Freddy inspired his musical career, Bonnie decides to come along and he becomes Freddy's assistant/partner for the temporary time. The two start by getting essentials for the vacation and decide to go to Cool City to get them (Cool City is the central hub for things outside the pizzeria/diner). The two scout out locations for their vacation but find none suitable for Freddy's "Aesthetic". The two come up with the idea to use the Delorean to travel to 1984. They then return to the Pizzeria.

Chapter 2 GOING ON VACATION:

Freddy and Bonnie decide to bring along Chica, Foxy and Golden Freddy on their vacation, meanwhile the mysterious person that Freddy talked to on the phone is watching them. Freddy prepares for a possible fight with Golden Freddy by asking Cranky for Cranky's Blessing. Cranky denies his request and Freddy steals two of the Blessings, promising to return it once he's finished. Freddy returns to the Pizzeria and goes to the Office to confront G.Freddy. (HERE IS WHERE THE 1987 DEMO BEGINS)  However, he manages to avoid a fight with G.Freddy, and recruits him to his cause. They return to Bonnie, who says to gather Chica and Foxy, and that he'll be in the backroom fixing the Delorean. Freddy goes to both, however they both ask for items. Freddy goes to Walmart to grab the items that they need, and returns to the Pizzeria. He gives them the items, and they join the group. The four return to Bonnie in the backroom, who says the car is supposedly fixed. However, it turns out the car isn't fixed, and can only time travel to 1987. The group decide to travel to 1987 to recieve help fixing the car from Toy Freddy and gang.

Chapter 3 1987:

The five animatronics arrive at Freddy Fuckboy's Pizzeria in 1987. After a brief talk with Toy Freddy, he gives them a deal: Help him gather the others and shit on the remaining cameras, and he will fix the Delorean. The now six go about their separate ways, each gathering a different animatronic(During this the player plays as all the six). When they've gathered the others, they then shit on the remaining cameras. However, the Enragement Child tries to foil T.Freddy's night of debauchery by sending in different Nightmare animatronics with ridiculous stats. After defeating the Nightmares, the group decide to confront BB at his lair. They engage in a fight, and BB lowers all their stats while buffing his. They defeat BB, but he takes him and Freddy away to somewhere unknown. The group, now lead by Bonnie, decide to go searching for Freddy. They find BB but he sends everyone away, except for Bonnie. Freddy and Bonnie team up to defeat the Enragement Child. Once defeated, BB tells Freddy that he won't be working with him anymore, and leaves. Bonnie inquires about this but Freddy brushes him off. The duo return to the Show Stage, and are welcomed with a party. They are all invited to T.Freddy's night of debauchery (including G.Freddy) and they party all night. In the afternoon the next day, the original five decide to leave. They are waved goodbye but before they can go anywhere, Freddy pulls Bonnie aside. He tells Bonnie that he is betraying him and leaving him here. Bonnie, at first, thinks Freddy is pulling a prank before Freddy says that, indead, BB was right. They were both partners. Freddy tells Bonnie that the Delorean is fine and isn't broken. Freddy then tells Bonnie that he planned to leave him here but after Bonnie rescued him from BB, he is impressd. He then gives Bonnie the option of joining him (THIS IS WHERE THE 1987 DEMO ENDS).

PART ONE GOOD ENDING:

Bonnie declines the offer, which disappoints Freddy. Freddy then attacks Bonnie and announces his plans to build an army and take over the universe. The others engage Freddy but he recieves help from BB, and together they defeat the others. They then steal the Delorean and head back to 1995. Bonnie expresses his anger and vows to stop Freddy as the screen fades to black

PART ONE EVIL ENDING:

Bonnie accepts the offer, much to Freddy's surprise. The duo then announce their plans to build an army and take over the universe. The others try to engage Freddy, however they are stopped by Bonnie, who greatly debuffs them and sends them permantly back to level one. Freddy then gives Bonnie the other Cranky's Blessing and also the rest of Frooby's powers (Before the main game, Freddy killed Frooby and gained his powers. More will be explained in the Freddy Scenario). BB then arrives but Freddy and Bonnie kill him and take his powers. They then steal the Delorean and start to head back to 1995. Freddy thanks Bonnie as the screen fades to black.

(If you are still reading this, then you may have some questions. Here are some answers:

Q1. Who is the mysterious guy on the phone?
Will be revealed in the ending that 2023 Bonnie was the one stalking them.

Q2. Why did Freddy give Bonnie the Blessing if he promisd he would return them?
Freddy's original intention was to give BB the Blessing and keep the other one however if you chose the Evil Route then Freddy gives it to Bonnie instead. The reason why he promises and then never returns it is simple. It was meant to throw the player off the fact that Freddy was evil. It was never to defeat Golden Freddy. Freddy knew he could defeat G.Freddy but used him as an excuse to get the Blessings so he and BB could be unstoppable. However, Cranky refused and so Freddy stole them. It isn't revealed on purpose. When Freddy reveals he's evil, you then question everything that you did as Freddy up until that point.

Q3. Why did BB come back?
Change of heart?)

PART TWO


NIGHT ONE

Evil Route

Bonnie and Freddy return to Bonnie's Pizza Place in 1995 and begin taking over the cameras incase T.Freddy and gang follow them there. Freddy and Bonnie begin recruiting the animatronics in 1995. Once they have finished gathering the animatronics, Freddy sends them to the Hideout (the main safehouse of the evil route). Freddy and Bonnie then decide to go to Cool City to seek out people who can summon Cranky. The duo successfully summon Cranky, and Freddy and Bonnie go up against Cranky. Cranky, who thinks he can beat them easily, tries to swat them away but they dodge and kill Cranky, taking his powers. One of Cranky's powers allows them to cross into an alternate dimension of the year 1995. Bonnie goes alone into the dimension and comes across an alternate version of Freddy named Freddy Fazbender. The alternate Freddy and versions of Bonnie, Chica and Foxy all attack Bonnie but Bonnie manages to easily defeat them all. He is then confronted by Dave, a child killer. Dave wants to come with Bonnie and take over the universes. The duo recruit Old Sport, Dave's accomplice/enemy. They also try to recruit Phone Guy but he refuses to join, so Bonnie kills him. They return to Bonnie's dimension, and Dave and Old Sport go to the Hideout. Freddy and Bonnie also return to the Hideout and give a speech. Freddy tells Bonnie that there is another dimension with more people to recruit but to not go there yet. Freddy and Bonnie then have a night of debauchery at the Hideout. In the morning, Bonnie sets out back to Bonnie's Pizza Place to recruit the new animatronics being built. Bonnie returns to Bonnie's Pizza Place and goes to the currently being built Circus Baby's World section of the Pizzeria. He goes to the Technicians room, one of the only finished places. He discovers the animatronics haven't been built yet, so he sets up a heist to rob a casino. He travels to 1997, to Freddy Fuckboy's Casino, and robs the joint. However he becomes dissatisfied with the easiness of the heist so he sets up a harder one. Bonnie travels back to 1995 and plans out a second, more daring heist. He recruits crew members to help out and tells Freddy about his plan. Freddy suggests robbing the casino that Rockstar Freddy resides in. Bonnie travels to 2019 with his crew and robs Rockstar Freddy's casino. Rockstar Freddy gathers his residents and defends against Bonnie however Bonnie is too strong. Bonnie and his crew escape from the casino with their money but decides if he should kill them or not.

Kill The Crew Members

Bonnie decides to kill his crew members and take their money for himself.

Don't Kill The Crew Members

Bonnie decides to not kill his crew members and let them keep their money.

Bonnie travels back to 1995 with his crewmates/wthout his crewmates and returns to the Hideout. If the crew members were kept alive, they will join the team. Freddy congratulates Bonnie (and his team, if they lived) and tells Bonnie that they should travel to the alternate dimension now. Bonnie agrees, and they travel to alternate 1995. The two find that the world has no living animatronics; instead they are just robots. They travel to a restuarant and meet alternate Freddy, called Freddy Fazbear in this dimension. They destroy him and procede to take over the restuarant. However, they are swarmed by police and are forced to return to their 1995. Freddy says that he thinks that dimension has potential, and that they should return later. Freddy mentions that it's getting late and that they should return to the Hideout but Bonnie wishes to stay in the Pizza Place and wishes Freddy goodbye. Bonnie procedes to check for anything he missed before going to the Technicians room to make up a plan.

Good Route 

Bonnie and T.Freddy come up with a plan to get them to 1995. They start to build another Delorean but are missing materials needed to finish the build. T.Freddy sends Bonnie around the place to find anything that they could use. Bonnie finds some gears that can be used to help build. They resume the build and finish building the Delorean. They go and find fuel to make the car run, and gather everyone in the car. They procede to travel to 1995 and arrive at Bonnie's Pizza Place. They go to the office to find that it's locked. They then notice that the cameras have activted again and they split up in teams to take down the cameras. Once the cameras have been taken down, They enter the office but find there to be nothing. Bonnie then goes alone to Cool City to where he thinks Freddy might be. He finds a place only known as the Hideout and enters it. He gets attacked by Freddy and BB, who bring their team as well. Bonnie loses to them and gets sent back to Bonnie's Pizza Place where T.Freddy and gang are trying to get into Circus Baby's World, which has been blocked off by Freddy. G.Freddy, now Bonnie's right hand man, suggests that him and Bonnie go alone to Cool City and confront Freddy. Bonnie goes along with the plan and they travel to the Hideout. Once they get there, they find that there is nothing left. Bonnie ,however, finds a list of years that BB and Freddy are traveling to. G.Freddy finds the Dimensionator, a device that allows people to go to alternate dimensions. Bonnie and G.Freddy grab Chica and Foxy, and head to an alternate version of 1995. They find an alternate version of Freddy, named Freddy Fazbender. Fazbender tries to attack them but stops after Bonnie offers him to join their operation, he, along with alternate versions of Bonnie, Chica and Foxy, join them. They make their way to the Backstage, where they witness BB confronting Phone Guy. Bonnie stops BB before he can kill Phone Guy and offers  Phone Guy to join their team. Phone Guy accepts but they are attacked by BB, who is joined by Dave, a child killer, and Old Sport, Dave's accomplice/enemy. They defeat BB and his team but BB manages to escape back to 1995. Bonnie and his crew return to Bonnie's 1995 and head back to Bonnie's Pizza Place. Once they are there, the 1987 animatronics and the 1995 animatronics discuss the matter of if the new animatronics (or person, in Phone Guy's case) should join. They think Bonnie should make the decision.

Let Them Join

Bonnie decides to let them join the crew.

Don't Let Them Join

Bonnie decides to not let them join.

Bonnie and his crew, with or without the new animatronics/person, break down the door to Circus Baby's World and find the animatronics in there. Everyone introduces themselves and the Funtimes join the party. G.Freddy suggests to Bonnie that they should have a name instead of just being refered to as "Bonnie's crew". Bonnie agrees and so they pick a name.

The Crew (Default)
The Saviours
The Heroes
The Badasses
(For the sake of simplicity I'm going to refer to them as The Crew since that's the default one)

Bonnie is happy with the name "The Crew", and sets out with the rest of The Crew to the Hideout to see where Freddy and his team might have went. The Crew ends up at Walmart where Freddy's new base is. They fight but Freddy manages to escape to 1989 in his Delorean but not before he sabotages T.Freddy's/Bonnie's Delorean. The Crew returns to Bonnie's Pizza Place and but decides that the Hideout should be used as the safehouse, since Freddy is no longer using it. All the animatronics except for Bonnie and G.Freddy go to the Hideout, with Bonnie and G.Freddy staying at Bonnie's Pizza Place. They go to the Office to see why it may have been locked and find that there is someone in there.

NIGHT 2

Evil Route

 
