The Adventures of Bonnie Ending- Ending A (Evil Route)

At the last moment Bonnie backstabs Freddy and sends him through dimensions. Bonnie then takes over Freddy's corporation and subsequently Fuckboy Tower. Sometime later, in a daring but terrible, horrible, no good, very bad, literally downright evil heist, Rockstar Freddy attempts to take down Bonnie and destroy the universe but Bonnie escapes and time travels to 1986 where he encounters Golden Freddy and a past version of Freddy in a place known as "Aesthetic".
He decides to aid Golden Freddy on his debauchey quest. After sometime, Bonnie witnesses Freddy kicking the shit out of Golden Freddy. Bonnie intervenes, and takes Golden Freddy under his wing, corrupting his mind. After sometime, the game ends with Golden Freddy and Bonnie traveling to  2023 and Golden Freddy seeking to take down Springtrap. Bonnie drinks coffee as Fuckboy's Fright burns down with Golden Freddy and Springtrap inside. Bonnie then seeks out Phantom BB, whom he helps to be resurrected.

The Adventures of Bonnie Ending- Ending A (Good Route) 

Bonnie and co take down BB, who is the last one guarding Fuckboy Tower. They continue on through the tower, whilst security chases them. Bonnie thinks he briefly saw what looked to be Rockstar versions of him, Freddy, Chica and Foxy. The group reach the top of Fuckboy Tower, They engage Freddy but are defeated and sent back to the bottom. They have to climb through the Tower again but when they get to the top they find Freddy dead. It is revealed by a surviving gurd that an animatronic that goes by Rockstar Freddy was originally planning to destroy the world but has other plans that are against his bosses wishes. So at that moment Rockstar Freddy and his group are killing his boss. Bonnie decides to set up an ambush for when they return. Once they return, Rockstar Freddy announces his plans to the rest of the group to take over the world and shape it to his liking. Bonnie then springs the ambush and the groups fight each other. During the battle, Rockstar Freddy unknowningly gains Freddy's/Frooby's powers. His comrades defeated, Rockstar Freddy tries to escape but is stopped by Bonnie. He is then imprisoned in The Jail, a jail for fuckers. Bonnie returns the others to their respective eras and returns to 1995 with Golden Freddy, Chica and Foxy.

Good Route Epilogue

A mysterious person visits Rockstar Freddy in The Jail and tells him about his powers. The two make a plot to team up and take over the world. Rockstar Freddy ask the person their name is and they simply reply with "Fuckmann".

Bad Route Epilogue

Bonnie is dissappointed with Freddy stopping Phantom BB. He travels to 1994 to await Freddy's return. Bonnie "accidently" bumps into Freddy and the two have a conversation when BB, who plans to take over the universe, interrupts. Afterwards, Bonnie visits BB, who is corrupting Freddy's mind. Bonnie and BB then release Freddy back to Bonnie's Pizza Place.

Two Months Later...

Bonnie and BB meet Freddy where BB currently resides. They plan out a plan and go to Frooby's Purgatory to kill Frooby. They return and agree to a plan. The plan is that Freddy will make the past Bonnie go with him on a vacation. It is revealed that the reason in the beginning of the game for Freddy to trap Bonnie in 1987 was that the 2023 Bonnie (the one who took Golden Freddy to 2023 and later helped Phantom BB) could take over the role of Bonnie without the others suspicion as to where Bonnie is. 1995 Freddy and 2023 Bonnie would then unknowingly cnvince Chica and Foxy to help them dominate the world. 